alright. So so far so good. We've had a very decent job. And right now, I think there are other things we need to you know, factor in. The first is the custom size custom size for the stickers. We need the provision where the customer can be able to select a particular size of his or her choice. Though we listed some sizes, but we need the custom size where the customers can also, you know, impute that insights. For example, the customer wants a sticker for two by eight. The customer can be able to impute it. Then, also, what we noticed was when we are using the website on on mobile, that's an Android phone and Apple, we kind of discovered that the the website was very sluggish. It was lagging, and then it was mobile friendly. So I want us to make it dynamic. Right? That was dynamic. And I also want us to, you know, make the loading to be very fast. I don't know how many flash gates concerning the our popular sizes. I think the most popular size that we have is three by three followed by three by four. So these two sizes for our sticker should be the most popular sizes. Others should just be normal sizes. Right? Then we're going to supply you with an image of where the sticker is being peeled. Right? For that one, we added later. Just for memory's sake, just know that you have a provision where we display a sticker that is being peeled so that our customers will understand what we are selling. We are not just selling sticker. We are selling stickers that you peel and paste. We don't need to use scissors and cut it. Then we'll now give you the images. We are sending you, like, 20 images for you to now put on your BlueDark's cards. Right? So for each cards, we've named for each images, we've named we've named it. So you should be able to identify where it belongs and then place it on those image cards. So this is what we can do for now. Okay. On our hero's hero's slider slider image, you discover that it's only the first slide that's the button, the two buttons, the print sticker button and the print flex button that is clickable. Another, you know, euro slide image, it's not clickable. So we need to make those ones clickable too. Right? So these are the things we need to think of. First of all, you let me understand for sure that you got our instructions, things that we want to do. But if you have further questions to ask, ask. Once we are cleared with it, you cannot proceed. So this time around, it's not by just getting the work done. We need to perfect what we are doing. Right? Because this website is going to be launched very soon. So we are giving something that's of standard to our customers. We're all those ones when we launch this website, people start complaining of issues. So we are being more strict this time around. In fact, I always tell you, do not look alike. You honestly look alike. So this time around, just assume that you're a doctor operating on a patient. So you need to be very careful. So let's see what we have.